hi folks I'd like to take just a minute
to show you how to create an account on
our experiment management site Sona
systems in order to do that you need to
go to you main dot Sona systems com when
you arrive at that page we'll ask you to
log in but obviously you don't have an
account yet so you need to go down here
into the new participant request an
account section click there as a new
participant you'll be asked to provide
some information you should give your
first name your last name your user ID
and you'll notice here that this is
blank at you midni edu so what we need
you to do here is give us your first
class information here you're just asked
to repeat that information to verify and
then please do give your accurate
student ID number will use this to track
throughout the semester you can also
provide your telephone number here the
reason that you might do this is in case
a researcher needs to contact you
because the session has been cancelled
it might prevent you from showing up to
an empty session sometimes so I
encourage you to go ahead and provide
your phone number here it won't be used
for anything other than official
communication from a researcher after
you're done with this hick request an
account once you hit submit you'll see
the screen that your request is
processed and then your login
information is email to use to just go
back and check your email and in your
email you'll find something very much
like this it'll give you your
participant login information including
your ID and it'll give you a randomly
generated password so all you have to do
at this point is click this link go back
to the Sona systems website put in your
username copy and paste your randomly
generated password when you log in for
the first time it's going to ask you for
a potential alternate email address i
encourage you to include this if you
have an email address that you check
more frequently than your first class
this is going to make sure that you get
any emails that you sin you can also
change your password if the
automatically generated password doesn't
for you you want to put something that
you can remember more easily you can
change your password there you'll notice
that I cannot change my student ID
numbers to make sure that the number
that you put in is correct when you
register for an account and here you can
update your phone number when you log in
you'll be asked to identify which
courses you're participating in most of
you will be enrolled in sci 100 you may
have either Kylie Cole or Charlie do for
as your instructor you should select
which courses you're enrolled in to let
the system know how many credits you
need so let's say that I'm in a doctor
to force class here if I were in
multiple classes I could control click
to select those multiple classes you'll
see that the information has been
updated and then before you can continue
there's some information about human
subjects in the privacy policy which you
should take a close look at before
continuing below and then here you can
see the dashboard for Sona systems in
the system most of your time will be
spent here in studies sign up I'll show
you that in just a moment but you also
have your profile this is the screen
where you can change your password or
modify contact information to provide
your alternate email address or edit
that here you'll see your schedule and
credit so once you've signed up for a
study or once you've earned credits from
a study you'll be able to see them here
and compare it against how many credits
you need for example since I'm enrolled
in sci 100 I need five overall credits
and I've not earned any credits yet down
below here you'll see where you signed
up for studies when they are and what
the result of those studies were
ultimately what you'll want to do is
sign up for studies from your main page
we're from the toolbar on any page you
can click the studies section here
you'll see a list of all the studies
that are available that semester you'll
notice there are several pieces of
information on this page there's only
one study available right now the title
will be here a brief overview might be
present here if you click this study
you'll see more information about it
potentially a longer description
some eligibility requirements in this
case the researcher only wants
right-handed participants it'll tell you
about how long the study should take and
any preparation steps you might need to
take before participation in this case
the researcher wants you to take a look
at a particular website before you show
up the credits will be here the
researcher contact will be available
here and you can see some deadlines
about how long you have before you need
to sign up or when you can cancel once
you've decided you want to participate
in the study you can hit this button to
view time slots for the study here
you'll see any available time slots for
the study it looks like this researcher
is running a variety of participants
from 9am to 6 p.m. on friday September
13th so i would pick the one that fits
my schedule best let's say i get out of
class about 12 30 on friday gives me
enough time to get down to North Stevens
by one o'clock so I'll click that button
and it will sign me up for the study
you'll get a message that a sign-up was
successful you'll get some you'll get to
review the information here and there's
a reminder that you can contact the
researcher for any questions so we'll
also send you an email that will help
remind you but you can always come back
to your schedule and you'll see that you
have a session waiting for you it'll
give you the time it'll give you the
location and it'll give you the credit
status once you've participated you'll
see this change the system is really
straightforward it should be able to
answer most of your questions if you
have any other questions you can contact
at the bottom of every page this email
Sona dot admin @ umn.edu they will be
able to help you with any questions that
you might have thanks and I hope you
have a great semester